"If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck!"
"Look, gotta play it safe, huh No face, no case."
"These expensive, these is red bottoms, These is bloody shoes."
"I'm a boss, you a worker, bitch."
"I just arrove in a Rolls."
"And I just checked my accounts, Turns out, I'm rich, I'm rich, I'm rich!"
"I wanna get married, like the Currys, Steph and Ayesha shit. But we more like Belly, Tommy and Keisha shit."
"Said that you was workin', but you're out here chasin' culo And putas."
"You might have a fortune, but you lose me, you still gon' be misfortunate"
"She don't even know your middle name, watch her 'cause she might steal your chain."
"Ten different looks, and my looks all kill,"
"nothing in this world that I like more than Kulture!"
"I got a baby, I need some money, yeah I need cheese for my egg."
"Wakanda forever."
"Hotter than a Somali, fur coat, Ferrari! Rrr, woo!"
" 'Bout my coins like Mario."
"Gang, gang."
"Beat it up like piñatas."
"I said, certified freak, Seven days a week."
"swipe your nose like a credit card."
"I want you to park that big Mack truck, Right in this little garage."
"I don't cook, I don't clean, But let me tell you how I got this ring."
"WAP WAP WAP"
"Get a bucket and a mop."
"Macaroni in a pot."
"VVS chain, I'm in love with the rocks."
"Press, press, press, press, press."
"Cardi don't need more press."
"Pop up, guess who, bitch?"
"Dingdong!"
"Dingdong, Must be that whip that I ordered."
"My money still long like weave."
"This sound like Cardi with the braids."
"Lookin' like a right swipe on Tinder woo!"
"Anna Mae, got cake by the pound."
"I've been that bitch since pajamas with footies."
"I gotta stay outta Gucci, I'm finna run outta hangers."
"Is she a stripper, a rapper or a singer?"
"Ride through your hood like "Bitch, I'm the mayor!"
"bitches is trash, Oscar the Grouch."
"Ooh, ooh, ouch!"
"Cardi! Cardiana."
"I was home with my kid, mommiana."
"throw it back like a 10Year Challenge."
"And if it stop breathin', give it CPR."
"All facts no cap."
"Whatever you do, sis, keep it cute, sis, Leave that beefin' shit at Ruth Chris or end up toothless."
"Put a ribbon on my box 'cause it's gifted."
"While my piggy bank is hungry, you need to feed it."
"If the text ain't freaky, I don't wanna read it."
"Y'all can kiss my ass, dame un beso."
"Dominicana, drippin in designer."
"Merengue to the money, bachata to the bank."
"I'm trap Selena."
"Cardi from the pole, Jenni from the block."
"..."
"I’m known for proving people wrong. Remember that."
"Always have a goal, always have a second plan."
"I’m the rose that came from concrete."
"I’m a boss in a skirt, I’m a dog, I’m a flirt."
"My career takin’ off, these hoes jogging in place."
"Me: Unbothered, moisturized, in my lane, wellhydrated, flourishing."
"I don’t care about anyone not liking me, you b*****s barely like yourselves."
"Remain humble but stay hungry.”
“Make more than the guys you thought you wanted to be with.”
“I’m an emotional gangster. I cry once every month.”
“I’m just a regular degular shmegular girl from the Bronx.”
“My guilty pleasure is smelling my farts.”
“I thought that after giving birth to my daughter that six weeks would be enough time for me to recover mentally and physically. I also thought that I’d be able to bring her with me on tour, but I think I underestimated this whole mommy thing.”
“I have a passion for music, I love music. But I also have a passion for money and paying my bills.”
“You wanna know how rich people like me stay rich? By staying on a budget.”
"Say yes to everything. 'You want me to buy you some food?' Yes. 'You want me to buy you a car?' Yes."
"I have 100 percent Bronx pride, like it's a country, like I am the Bronx."
"I never thought I was going to be popular; I never thought I was going to be famous."
"I don't know how to drive."
"People should listen to my music because it's good."
"Libras like to take risks!"
"My sister's name is Hennessy, so everybody used to be, like, 'Bacardi' to me. Then I shortened it to Cardi B."
"The 'B' stands for whatever, depending on the day... beautiful or bully."
"I'm about this shmoney."
"toy en vivo no digan nada creizi... ayayaya... (: "
"pero k, como cuando yo dije eso??"
"ahora que yo tengo dinero yo me pienso que soy ‘doña Cardi’"
"yo soy internacional, soy famosa, pero yo todavía soy la misma Cardi"
CORONAVIRUS!!
"Las personas quieren que me apene de que antes bailaba, pero nunca lo haría. Me ayudó a ahorrar mucho dinero, pasé un buen tiempo y aprendí mucho"
"Pero no se desanimen, solo veanlo como que su riqueza está en un contrato a largo plazo."
"Fun fact, I am a size 3 and a half in sneakers <3"