If they made a movie of your life, which actor or actress would play the lead role?
If you could abolish one law, what would it be? What laws would you create?
If extra lives existed in real life, how would you get them?
If you were a food, what would you be?
What animal do you think would look better if it were covered in bandages?
If you could design one, what would your ideal planet look like?
What would be your strategy for surviving a zombie apocalypse?
If you could be the CEO of a company, which company would you choose?
If you could interchange the sounds of two animals, which would you choose?
If you were given the opportunity to be permanently pain-free, would you accept?
What cartoon world would you like to live in for a week?
What would you wish would grow on trees?
What strange thing or activity would you do that would be socially acceptable?
If you could instantly transport yourself to a random point on humanity's timeline every time you snapped your fingers, would you agree to do it? If you answered yes, how often would you do it?
If you and your friends had to smell only one scent for a lifetime (other than your natural scent), which one would you choose?
If you could improve any aspect of your personality (e.g., strength, intelligence, charisma, etc.), but each had to make another worse, which aspects would you improve, and which would you sacrifice?
If humans lost the ability to see all colors except one, which color do you think would survive?
If you were the dictator of a small country, what things would you like to do?
If your sheets were made of sausage, what cold meat would you choose?
If you could put wings on an animal, what animal would you choose?
How different would the world be if airships were the main form of air travel?
Every day, 12 random objects appear in your yard, but they all begin with the letter of your choice. which letter would you choose?
If you didn't have to worry about money, what would you do, and what do you think your lifestyle would be like?
When you die, what would you prefer: to cease to exist or to wander the Earth eternally without being able to interact with anyone or anything?
If you could move anywhere in the world, and you had a good living wage, where would you like to live?
If you could get a ticket to any show or event, what would you like to attend?
If you could travel back in time and give your parents advice before you were born, what advice would you give them?
If we were all mentally incapable of lying, how do you think that would change our world?
You have the option to be invisible. However, you would have to be permanently invisible. In this case, would you like to be invisible?
If you had to invent a dance that has never been seen before in all of human history, what kind of dance would you like to do?
If you could eliminate the existence of something, such as a memory, object or animal, what would you like to eliminate?
If you were required by law to have a full body tattoo, what would you like to include?
If you were the product development manager at a fast food chain, what abomination would you like to create?
If you could change the sounds your body makes (e.g., burp, gas, yawn, sneeze, etc.), what sound effects would you like to implement?
If you were forced to fight in a gladiatorial combat, but had to choose a weapon that is not usually considered a weapon, what would you choose?
If you could replace any commonly used word with another word, without anyone knowing, what word would you choose?
If you could travel back in time and win an argument that you didn't win in the past, what argument would you choose?
If you were to be reincarnated into an animal based on your personality, what animal do you think you would become?
If you had to be haunted by a ghost of a friend or acquaintance for the rest of your life, who would you choose?
If people were forced to disclose the good and bad things that have happened to them, do you think social media would be more, or less, popular?
If you worked in the entertainment industry and had a pseudonym, what would it be?
What futuristic thing from a sci-fi movie or book would you want to exist right now?
If someone were to name an animal or plant after you, what thing would you want to be named after you?
If you could create a hit reality show, what concept would you use?
If you had to have a tail, what tail would you choose and what would you use it for?
If you were a superhero/villain, but could only have superpowers that don't exist in those types of worlds, what powers would you have and what would your name be?
If you were a professional athlete in any sport, what sport would you like to play and why?
If you were given the silly superpower to spoil any food you touched, what would you do with that superpower?
If you could transport a raging elephant to any time in history, where would you put it?
If you were offered $10,000 every time someone punched you in the face, how many times would you want to be punched?
If someone left you a house in their will, where would you want it to be located?
Would you want to live in a world where people's thoughts appeared as text messages above their head?
If you could start a secret society, what would your goals be and who would you include?
If you could eat the same breakfast, the same lunch (different from breakfast), and the same dinner (different from lunch) every day, what dishes would you choose?
If you could take two hours of video of any historical moment, what moment would you choose?
If you could replace labor with artificial intelligence, what work would you make obsolete?
Would you want to be smarter, knowing that you must sacrifice your happiness?
If you were obscenely wealthy, what bizarre eccentricities would you like to buy?
If your dog or cat had the opportunity to say only one sentence, what strange thing do you think it would say?
How do you think the world would change if there was no such thing as internal monologue and everything you thought was said out loud?
If you could steal somewhere without suffering any kind of consequence, what place would you steal?
If you could snap your fingers and make a species extinct, which one would you choose?
Would you like to live in a house where all the walls were made of giant televisions, and you could choose the channels, but you couldn't turn them off?
If you founded an activist group, what would you fight against, and what would it be called?
How would our perception of space change if the Moon were made of cheese?
Which would you prefer: to be incredibly funny and outgoing, quiet and incredibly smart, or to be the way you are now?
If you discovered that you were completely resistant to physical harm, what would be the first things you would do?
If you could choose a nickname and have people call you that in a serious way (no matter how ridiculous), what nickname would you choose?
If you discovered that the world was part of a simulation, how do you think you would act?
If you were given a luxury item that you couldn't sell, what would it be?
If you could get inside someone's head for fifteen minutes, who would you choose?
If you were given the opportunity to drink milk from an exotic animal (e.g., bat milk, monkey milk, leopard milk, etc.), would you do it? What milk would you drink?
If you were the next pied piper, what animal would you want to follow you?
If someone created a bar or coffee shop that only included what you like, what would it be like?
If you were given $50,000 to dance for 2 minutes without music in a crowded stadium, would you do it? What kind of dancing would you do?
What would you do if you had your own spaceship the size of a house?
If you could control one element, which one would you choose?
If you were offered a job with a $200,000 annual salary to be a human scarecrow, would you take it?
If you were a fashion icon who turned anything into a trend, what trends would you start?
If you could switch bodies with anyone for 24 hours, who would you choose?
What shape would you want your house to be (i.e. star, octagon, etc.)?
If you could ask any historical figure three questions, who would you choose and what questions would you ask them? (They will be able to understand your questions and you will be able to understand their answers).
If you could put one word on any historical document, what word would you choose, and where would you put it?
If you could make a floor or tile out of any material or food, what would you make it out of?
If you were given the opportunity to redesign your country's flag, what would you do to change it?
Would you like to be the first human to have contact with extraterrestrials?
If you died and had to haunt a place for the rest of eternity, what place would you choose?
You must send a text message of 160 characters, what would you write? You must keep in mind that everyone will see it.
If you could colonize another planet, which would you prefer: stay there or return to Earth?
If you were a villain from a 1990s cartoon, where would you put your hideout and what would it look like? What do you think your minions' uniforms would look like?
If you were the king or queen of an ancient civilization, what would you like your tomb to look like?
If you could call your fifteen-year-old version of yourself for twenty minutes, what would you say to him or her?
If you could pick the next fake health-related trend, what would you create?
Everyone thinks they'd be part of royalty or be a knight in the Middle Ages...but let's be honest: they probably wouldn't be. What kind of commoner do you think you'd be if you were born in that era?
If you were a Transformer, what vehicle would you become?
What kind of movie or TV show would you like to create if money or skills were no object?
What amusement park would you like to see exist?
What cartoon character would look terrifying if it existed in real life?
What animal would look cute if it were the size of a Chihuahua?
If you could implant a false memory in the minds of all the citizens of your country, what would you implant?
If you could turn one thing illegal to legal, and another thing legal to illegal, what would you change?
If you could include a new word in the dictionary, what would it be and what would be its definition?
If you received the death penalty and had to choose how you would be executed, how would you like to die?
If you had the skills and abilities to play a sport professionally, what would you choose?
If all humans had transparent skin and muscles, and we could see how our organs worked, what do you think would happen?
If you had a symbol or shield to represent you, what would it look like?
If you had to suffer a natural disaster, which one would you choose?
Would you like to know your future if you had to forget your past?
If you had to join the circus, what show would you like to perform?
If you could live under a different government regime, which government would you choose? (Do not choose this question if you or your friends have very strong political opinions).
If you were given the opportunity to create your own business, what business would you create?
If you could control your dreams, what would you like to dream?
What would you do if you found out that a tablespoon of your tears could cure cancer in just one person?
You have the superpower to inject people with phobias - what fun and interesting things would you make them afraid of?
If you could live another 100 years, but had to be old and frail for that long, would you want to keep living?
If you could remodel any room in your home, what room would you choose and what would you do to improve it?
If aliens invaded us and put humans in zoos, what would you want in your cell?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, what place would you visit and why?
If you could mix two games and make a new one, what games would you choose and what do you think the result would be?
If the game of "hide and seek" were an Olympic sport, what do you think it would be like?
If you could change what people say after they hear someone sneeze, what do you think would be the funniest thing they could say?
If you could design an unconventional uniform for a military squadron, what do you think it would look like? Use your imagination.
If your hands were frozen in a position or gesture, what position would you choose?
If you could do some simple tasks while you were asleep, what would you like to do?
If the Jedi were real and you had to get rid of all your belongings and never have a romantic relationship to belong to them, would you become a Jedi?
If you suddenly acquired the knowledge and capabilities of a world-class hacker, what would you do?
If you could speak two languages (that you don't know) fluently, which languages would you choose?
If you won the lottery, what do you think you would NOT change?
If you could bring back any TV series that has been cancelled, which one would you choose?
If you had to prove by text message that you were human and not a robot, how would you do it?
If you could travel back in time and stop someone from inventing something, what invention would you eliminate?
If you could discover the truth behind a secret or mystery, which one would you choose?
If you could rename five animals, which animals would you choose, and what would their new names be?
If you had an infinite amount of LEGOs, and you couldn't sell them, what would you build?
If your salary doubled, what would you do with that extra money?
If you found out you were going to die in a week, what would you do with the time you had left?
If all animals were as intelligent as humans, and had the ability to talk, what jobs do you think they would do?
If you could interchange the taste of two foods, which foods would you choose?
If you could choose one method of transportation (no matter how ridiculous) to get around town, which one would you choose?
Assuming you love the sea, what do you think your ideal boat or yacht would look like, and what would you name it?
How would the world change if mammals (including humans) laid eggs instead of giving birth?
If you were given the task of making school more fun and effective for students, what changes would you make?
If you could create a drug that would cure a single disease, what would you miraculously cure?
If you could be born again in another country, with another race, and another gender, what do you think you would be like?
What fantasy creature would you like to bring into real life?
If you could hire a butler or maid, would you?
If you lost your hearing, what sound do you think you would miss the most?
If you could design and bring to life a new animal, what would it look like?
If you could know when and how a person will die just by touching their hands, how do you think you would use that power? You must keep in mind that you cannot change their destiny.
If you could unite two countries harmoniously, which countries would you choose?
If you could travel back in time and undo something you did, what would you change?
If you had all the money in the world and could throw a party, what kind of party would you throw?
If you could make something inedible for humans edible, what would you choose?
If you were given the chance to be born in another time, what time would you want to be born in?
If androids were real, how do you think people would treat them?
If you had a pile of play dough and anything molded by you came to life, what would you use it for?
If you could control a bodily aspect that is usually self-regulating (e.g., body temperature, digestion, heart rate, etc.), what system would you control?
If you were a professional WWE wrestler, what would your name and identity be?
What would you do if you had a real bag of holding (to fit large objects into a small bag)?
If you could create a brand of beer, wine, soft drink, or beverage, what would you do, what would you call it, and how would your brand be differentiated?
If you could have one person from each country work on a single project or toward a single goal, what would it be?
If you could design a new holiday, what would you create and what traditions would it have?
If you could speak four languages fluently, which languages would you choose?
If you could know a person's Internet history, who would you choose?
If you could redesign the human species, what parts would you add or remove?
If you could make yourself three times bigger or fifty times smaller at will, how do you think you would spend more time: being big or small? Why?
If you could drive any vehicle for a couple of hours, which vehicle would you choose?
If you had a pen with magic ink, what do you think would happen when you wrote something?
If you were given the opportunity to be friends with any person, who would you choose? Think big.
If you could be a non-player character (NPC) in any video game, what game would you want to live in?