CAT:General questions
What important or interesting thing have you done that you are proud of?
Are you punctual, or are you often late?
In what ways are you unconventional, quirky or eccentric?
How often do you tend to look closely at people passing by?
What is your favourite drink?
What one thing do you hope never changes?
What is your dream car?
Where would you rather be from?
What things would you give a score of 10 / 10?
Which job would you suck at?
What are you absolutely determined to do?
What skill would you like to master or perfect?
Which website do you visit the most?
What would your ideal room look like?
How old do you want to live?
What kind of art do you enjoy the most?
What takes a lot of time out of your day?
What would you like to know more about?
What is the best way to start your day?
What mystery would you like to know the answer to?
How different was your life a year ago?
What is the best day on the calendar?
What are some things you have had to unlearn?
What is your favourite genre of book or film?
What fad or trend do you hope will make a comeback?
What city would you like to live in?
When was the last time you climbed a tree just for fun?
What do you consider to be your best find?
What is special about the place where you grew up?
How old would you like to be forever?
What is worth spending more on to get the best?
What are you most likely to become famous for?
What fictional place would you most like to go to?
Where is the most relaxing place you have ever visited?
What have you recently formed an opinion about?
What is the most comforting thing you have seen?
What is the most interesting piece of art you have seen?
What is something you like to do the old-fashioned way?
Do you prefer hang gliding or white water rafting?
Who has impressed you the most with what they have achieved?
How do you relax after a hard day's work?
What popular TV show or movie do you refuse to watch?
What job do you think you would be really good at?
What pets did you have growing up?
Where would you spend all your time if you could?
What would be the most amazing adventure you could have?
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
What is the best way for a person to spend their time?
What is something you really want but can't afford yet?
What is the luckiest thing that has happened to you?
What are some of the little things that make your day better?
What was the best thing that happened to you last week?
What are you looking forward to happening in the next few months?
What is the most annoying habit that other people have?
What game or movie universe would you like to live in?
What is the most impressive thing you know how to do?
What question would you like to know the answer to?
What is something that interests you that most people don't know about?
Why did you decide to have the job you have now?
What state or country do you never want to go back to?
Where do you usually go when you have free time?
What do you most look forward to happening in the next ten years?
What is the most annoying question people ask you on a regular basis?
If you were to suddenly become a master carpenter, what would you build?
What could you give a forty-minute presentation about without any preparation?
What impressive thing did you do that no one was around to see?
What hobby would you have if time and money were no object?
If you didn't have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?
When people come to you for help, what things do they usually want help with?
What is something you think everyone should do at least once in their lives?
What is something you've wanted to try or do but haven't decided to try yet?
If all jobs had the same pay and the same hours, what job would you like to have?
What band or artist do you turn to when you can't decide on something to listen to?
What is something that most people consider a luxury, but you don't think you can do without?
What would be your first question after waking up from being cryogenically frozen for a hundred years?
What is something that a lot of people are obsessed with, but you don't understand the point of it?
If you could turn any activity into an Olympic sport, in what "sport" would you have a very good chance of winning a medal?
What piece of entertainment would you want to be able to erase from your memory so you could experience it again for the first time?
If you had unlimited funds to build a house that you would live in for the rest of your life, what would the finished house look like?
Where is the most beautiful place you know near where you live?
What do you take with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the Internet? What do you usually do?
What is the most disgusting habit that some people have?
What is the most interesting recent news you have heard/read?
What is the worst place you have been stuck in for a long time?
If you had to change your name, what would you choose?
What is something that really bothers you but doesn't bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should be used again?
How should success be measured? And, according to this measure, who is the most successful person you know?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Have you ever experienced an event in your life that defies explanation?
If you could know the answer to a question about your future, what would the question be?
What do you bring to the group when you hang out with your friends?
How often do you curse or swear, and what is your favourite string of swear words?
What fads or trends did you follow when you were younger?
What was the best period of your life so far? What do you think will be the best period of your whole life?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What is the best room or part of your house and why?
Who is someone popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
What is the best place to go on a date?
What smell brings back great memories?
What is the best pet name you can think of for a specific type of pet?
How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
What makes you nervous?
Who is the funniest person you have ever met?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What are some strange beliefs that people have?
Who would be the worst person you could be stuck in a lift with? And how about the best person to be stuck in a lift with?
What was the best birthday present you ever received?
What was the last funny video you watched?
What is something you obsess about?
What three words best describe you?
What would a perfect weekend be like for you?
What is your favourite number and why?
What are you doing this weekend?
What is the most useful thing you own?
What is your favourite way to waste time?
What do you think about tattoos, do you have any?
Do you have any pets? What is/are their name(s)?
What currently popular thing bothers you?
What did you do on your last holiday?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to relax in your free time?
What do you do when you go out with your friends?
Which of your friends have you known the longest? Where did you meet them?
What is the best and worst thing about your job/school?
If you had intro music in your life, what song would it be? Why?
What were you most interested in as a child?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
Have you ever saved an animal's life, or a person's life?
Who is your favourite artist (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Are you a very organised person?
Have you ever performed in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
Who was your best friend in primary school?
How often do you stay up past three in the morning?
What is more important, having a big car or a big house? Why?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
If you were to open a business, what kind of business would it be?
CAT:Personal questions
What makes you feel motivated?
What makes life worthwhile and what makes it good?
What risks are worth taking?
What things do you take for granted?
Who inspires you to be better?
What do you have doubts about?
When do you really feel "alive"?
What have you resigned yourself to?
What is the best thing about you?
What would an opposite version of yourself look like?
What irrational fear do you have?
What would be your spirit animal?
What would be the scariest monster you could imagine?
What is the hardest lesson you have learned?
What is something about you that makes you feel self-conscious or embarrassed?
What are some of your favourite smells?
Have you ever donated to a charity?
What was the last adventure you had or went on?
What are three interesting facts about yourself?
What is the best compliment you have ever received?
What chance encounter changed your life forever?
What do you want your epitaph to be?
What are you really good at, but ashamed to be?
What is the "Holy Grail" of your life?
What do you love most about your family?
What do people think is weird about you?
What is one controversial opinion you have?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What is one thing you would NEVER do again?
Who is/was your most interesting friend?
What are you most likely to be wrong or mistaken about?
What is the most immature thing you usually do?
What stereotype do you most identify with?
What is the biggest lesson you have NEVER finished learning?
What silly or insignificant achievement makes you most proud?
What was the best gift you ever received?
What chapters would your autobiography be separated into?
What do you hope your last words will be?
What do you think about most?
What one thing can you never seem to finish?
What mistake do you keep making over and over again?
What is the best thing you got from your parents?
What is the strangest thing you have ever stumbled upon or encountered in your life?
What is the best and the worst thing about growing old?
What is something you are sure you will never experience?
What is one challenging thing you are working on these days?
What is one responsibility you really wish you didn't have?
What do you wish your brain did better?
If your childhood had a smell, what would it be?
In your group of friends, what is your role?
Which of your scars has the best story behind it?
What one thing have you created or built that you are most proud of?
What do you strongly suspect is the case but have no evidence to prove it?
What were some of the turning points in your life?
What makes your head explode every time you think about it?
What is the title of the chapter of your life you are in now?
Among your friends or family, what are you famous for?
What is something that your friends could not believe to be true about you?
What is something horrible that everyone should try at least once?
If you had a personal flag, what would be on it?
If your life were a book, what would the title be?
If you were the last human being on the face of the earth, what would you do?
What facts or statistics about your life would you like to be able to see?
What did you think you would forget or not do when you grew up but didn't?
What are three of the most significant numbers in your life?
What are some of your personal "rules" that you never break?
What is the best and the worst advice you have ever received?
What bothers you most about the affinity groups you are part of?
What small gesture from a stranger has had the biggest impact on you?
What do you regret not having done or started when you were younger?
What's the silliest thing you've done that turned out pretty well in the end?
When people look at you, what do you think they see/think?
What is one thing you can't do well, no matter how many times you try?
What question can you ask to find out more about a person?
As you get older, what are you increasingly afraid of?
What lifestyle change have you wanted to make for a long time?
In what situation or place do you feel most uncomfortable or out of place?
There are two types of people in this world, what are the two types?
Which personality trait do you value the most and which do you dislike the most?
When was the last time you changed your mind about something important?
What would you do if you knew you were going to die in a day?
What are some of the events in your life that made you who you are?
If life is a game as some say, what are its rules?
What could you do with two million dollars to impact as many people as possible?
What would be the most annoying things about having you as a roommate?
What do you want to be remembered for?
If you could create one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you create?
What is something that happened or something that someone said that changed the way you see the world?
If you were put in solitary confinement for six months, what would you do to stay sane?
If you could have a video of any event in your life, what event would you choose?
What incredibly strong opinion or belief do you hold that has no relevance to the grand scheme of things?
What are the top three things you want to achieve before you die? How close are you to achieving them?
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one time, what would that one thing be?
If you had a clock that counted down to any event you chose, what event would you want it to count down to?
What do you wish you could say to yourself from ten years ago? What do you think you would want to say to yourself in ten years?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
What do you fear lurks in the darkness?
If you were forced to relive a ten-minute block of your life over and over again for eternity, which ten minutes of your life would you choose?
CAT:Questions about television, shows, and series
What is the best comedy series of the past or present?
What is the best show currently on television?
What will be the future of TV shows?
How often do you marathon a series?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What is the funniest TV series you have ever watched?
What TV show would you like your life to be like?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
If you could bring back a TV show that was cancelled, which one would you bring back?
What do you think of game shows - do you have a favourite?
What is the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What do you think of reality shows, and why do you think they are so popular?
Do you like reality shows, why or why not, and if so, which ones?
Which TV or YouTube channel doesn't exist but should exist?
CAT:Questions about films
What is the most overrated film?
What is your favourite genre of film?
Which do you prefer? Books or films?
Which scene in a film always makes you feel a lump in your throat?
Do you like documentaries? Why? Why not?
What is the worst film you have seen recently?
What is the strangest film you have seen?
Do you like horror films, why or why not?
When was the last time you went to the cinema?
What was the last film you saw? How was it?
Do films have the same power to change the world as books?
Do you prefer to watch films in the cinema or in the comfort of your own home?
Which film title best describes your life?
CAT:Questions about books
What was the last book you read?
What was your favourite book when you were a child?
Do you prefer physical books or e-books?
What is the longest book you have read?
What genres of literature do you like to read?
How fast do you read?
How often do you go to the library?
Which book has had the biggest impact on you?
Do you prefer fiction or non-fiction books?
Which book has changed one of your old opinions?
Which book has had the greatest effect on the modern world?
What was the worst book you had to read for school? And how about the best book you had to read for school?
Do you think people read more or fewer books now than they did 50 years ago?
Now that independent publishing has become easier, have books gotten better or worse?
They say everyone has a book in them. What would your book be about?
What was the best book or series of books you've read?
CAT:Questions about music
What was the last song you listened to?
What is your favourite film soundtrack?
Do you like classical or academic music?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What is the best way to discover new music?
How has technology changed the music industry?
Is there a song that always makes you cry?
What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?
What do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?
Who was the first band or musician you really liked? Do you still like them?
Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s, streaming - which one did you grow up with? What's good and bad about each?
What song or artist do you like but rarely admit to liking?
What songs have you memorised completely?
CAT:Questions about mobile phones or mobile phones
How often do you check your phone?
Do you send more chat messages or make more calls? Why?
What will phones be like in ten years?
What do you wish your phone could do?
Do you always have to have the newest phone model available?
What is the most annoying thing about your phone?
How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?
What kind of case do you have for your phone, and why did you choose it?
What was your first mobile phone? How did you feel when you got it?
Have you experienced phantom vibrations? (Feeling that your phone vibrates even when it doesn't)
CAT:Questions about apps for your phone
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What is the most useful app you have on your phone?
What do the makers of apps do that really annoys you?
How many apps do you have on your phone?
What is the most frustrating app you have tried?
What's the most addictive mobile game you've played?
What app seemed magical the first time you used it?
What's the strangest app you've ever heard of or tried?
What are the best and worst things about the shop you get your apps from (Google Play, App Store, etc)?
Which app has helped society the most? Which one has hurt society the most?
Imagine an app mysteriously appears on your phone that does something amazing. What does it do?
CAT:Questions about sports
What sports do you like to watch?
Who are some of your favourite athletes?
What sports do you like to play?
What is the hardest sport to excel in?
Who are the three greatest athletes of all time?
How much time do you spend watching sports during the week?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
What exactly defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? What about video game tournaments?
Do you play in any fantasy sports leagues? If so, how involved are you in fantasy sports?
Why do you think sports are common in almost all present and past cultures?
Do you play sports video games? Which ones? Is it more fun to play video games or real sports? Why?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?
CAT:Questions about restaurants
Which restaurant do you eat at most often?
What is the worst fast food restaurant?
What is the best restaurant in your city?
What is the most luxurious restaurant you have ever eaten in?
What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten in?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have ever heard of?
Would you eat in a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever heard of happening in a restaurant?
What was your favourite restaurant when you were a kid?
CAT:Travel questions
Where would you like to travel to next?
What is the longest plane journey you have ever taken?
What is the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
Where is the most relaxing place you have ever been?
Do you prefer to travel alone or in a group?
What do you think of group tours?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten track when you travel?
 What was the most overrated place you have travelled to?
Have you travelled to a different country? Which ones?
What is the most impressive place you have been?
What is the best thing about travelling? What is the worst?
What is the worst hotel you have ever stayed in? What is the best hotel?
How do you think travelling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
What interesting people have you met on your travels?
How do you feel about holidaying at home and only visiting nearby tourist sites?
Where do you get your recommendations on what to do and where to stay when you travel?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
What's the furthest you've ever been from home?
What is the most interesting place you have ever been?
CAT:Technology questions
What is your favourite piece of technology equipment or device?
What technological device or equipment is really frustrating to use?
What was the best invention of the past 50 years?
Does technology make life simpler or more complicated?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
What science fiction book or film would you like the future to be like?
What do you think will be the next big technological breakthrough?
What technology from a science fiction film would you like to have?
What problems will technology solve in the next five years? And what problems will it create?
"What piece of technology would be seen as magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?"
"Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a technology that has only made the world better?"
CAT:Clothing and fashion questions.
What is your favourite shirt?
Does fashion help society in any way?
What old trend is making a comeback these days?
Which fashion trend are you really glad it's over?
What is the most comfortable item of clothing you own?
What is the most embarrassing item of clothing you own?
How does clothing change the way the opposite sex sees a person?
Do you care about fashion? What style of clothes do you usually wear?
If you didn't care at all about what people think of you, what clothes would you wear?
What is the best pair of shoes you have ever owned, and why were they so good?
Who do you think has the biggest impact on fashion trends: actors and actresses, musicians, fashion designers or consumers?
What is your favourite item of clothing you have/had?
CAT:Questions about goals and objectives
What are your personal goals?
What are your goals for the next two years?
How have your goals changed throughout your life?
How much do you plan for the future?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
What are some of the goals you have already achieved?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
Have your parents influenced the goals you have?
Do you usually achieve the goals you set for yourself, why or why not?
What is the best way to stay motivated and meet your goals?
What are some of the goals you have failed to achieve?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?
CAT:Seasonal questions
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
What do you like to do in the spring?
Did your family take seasonal holidays? (Every summer they went on holiday)
Which do you prefer, autumn or spring?
In which season are you more active?
What is the most refreshing thing to do on a hot summer day?
What is the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What is the best place you have been in autumn?
What is your favourite thing to eat or drink in winter?
Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?
CAT:Questions about holidays and festivals
What is the most important holiday for your family?
What is your favourite holiday? (Christmas, New Year, Easter, etc.)
Which holidays have been over-commercialised?
Do you wish there were more, or fewer, holidays?
What do you know about the history of some holidays?
What kind of food do you usually eat on your favourite holidays?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, what would you get rid of? Why?
Does having a day off for a holiday increase or decrease productivity at work?
If some of the lesser-known holidays were marketed, what would the publicity be like?
If you could have a holiday, what would it be like, what traditions would it have, what would people eat?
CAT:Questions on education
What do you think about online education?
What do you think about standardised testing?
Are bigger or smaller schools better?
Is teaching a skill that can be taught?
What will be the future of education?
What do you think about home schooling?
How can governments make education more efficient?
How has the education you received changed your life?
How can technology improve education? Can it harm it?
What or who has taught you most of the information you use regularly?
What is good and bad about the education system in your country?
CAT:Questions about food and cooking
What is your favourite cuisine or favourite type of food?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What do you think of buffets?
When was the last time you had a food fight?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
What do you buy every time you go to the supermarket?
If your life were a meal, what kind of meal would it be?
What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?
What food do you know you shouldn't eat but can't stop yourself?
Do you like spicy food, why or why not, what is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten?
Does the government have a place in regulating food? To what extent should the government regulate food?
When people make mistakes about food (especially foreign food), do you feel the need to correct them?
CAT:Strange questions
If your mind were an island, what would it look like?
What flavour of ice cream do you wish existed?
If you had a personal pet (good luck talisman), what would your pet be?
If you were a king or queen, what would your throne look like?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What would you do?
You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?
What would your own personal hell look like? How about your own personal heaven?
You find a remote control that can rewind, fast forward, stop and start Time. What do you do with it?
If you could call anyone in the world and have an hour-long conversation, who would you call?
The world has become infested with rabid dogs with the intelligence of a five year old, where do you take refuge to survive the "perropocalypse"?
A portal to another world opens before you. You don't know how long it will remain open or if you will be able to return after you pass through it. What do you do?
If you could make a twenty-two second phone call to yourself at any time in your present or future life, when would you call and what would you say?
If you could have an endless candle that smelled like anything you wanted, what fragrance would you want it to have?